# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Interpreting user needs will generally start with an analysis of the system.  This can be done by doing a number of things such as asking the team for feedback and asking previous users for any errors or changes that they have seen within the code. All of the inputs and outputs should also be identified as well. User stories can help with this by gathering information. This information is used to find what the users needs and wants are. Looking at the user stories will help us understand what the users are looking for in the product.

# How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I approach developing programs in a couple different ways. The Waterfall Method is one strategy that works well with a linear project that is not expecting changes once started. The other method is the Agile Method. The Agile offers a more flexible strategy and it is a more unique way to work with testing, planning and client integration. This allows for changes to be easily added if they come up during the project.

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member means being responsible for your tasks so that you don't fall behind and set the project behind schedule. Some task rely on certain features being added first and if I fall behind it could keep that task from being completed. A good team member should also be good with open communication. It is important to be able to clearly communicate where you are at on tasks and your thoughts with the rest of the team. You should also be able to effectively listen to others and collaborate with them as needed.
